feat: add docs for ngx parser and all parsers in general (#695)
tolgee/documentation: tolgee-cli/extraction/parsers.mdx

  const { t } = useTranslate()
  t.value('key1', ...)
</script>
```

- setup in default export also works

```ts
...
export default {
  setup () {
    const { t } = useTranslate('ns1')
    return { t }
 },
}
```

## Svelte

> Detected when there is at least one `.svelte` file

Recognized patterns:

- `T` component, detected by component name

```html
<T keyName="key1" ns="ns1" defaultValue="default value1" />
```

- `t` reactive function with `getTranslate` hook, detected by function names, `getTranslate` is optional ([Read more](#t-function-source))
  - the script is hoisted to the top of the file, so the order doesn't matter

```svelte
 {$t('key1')}
 <script>
   const { t } = getTranslate()
 </script>
```

## Ngx (Angular)

> Detected when there is at least one `.component.html` file

Recognised patterns:

- element with `t` attribute

```html
<p t key="key1" ns="ns1" default="default value1"></p>
```

- `translate` pipe, detected by `| translate` sequence and then the expression before it is taken as an argument

```html
<div>
  {{ 'key1' | translate:{ ns: 'ns1' }:'Default value' }}
  <!-- or -->
  {{ { key: 'key2', ns: 'ns1', defaultValue: '...' } | translate }}
</div>
```

> - usage of `TranslateService`, detected by `translateService.{method}` sequence, **make sure you use the correct variable name for the `translateService`**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- usage of `TranslateService`, detected by `translateService.{method}` sequence, **make sure you use this exactly `translateService` for the property name**
```
